guys this is amazing please click the
tank but they are good this is right
here right now on the real-deal cookie
child first the paddy crust that Appetit
cream the softened butter with salt and
sugar on medium high speed then add
cornstarch and mix until homogenised on
low speed in the egg water and white
vinegar and mix until smooth on medium
speed mix in one third of the flour and
add a remaining flour on low speed wrap
up and refrigerate until firm or
overnight once chilled dust you work
surface with flour or cornstarch and
work do until just pliable roll into a
large fifteen by nineteen inch rectangle
fit the dough into the greased mold and
gently work it to fit snugly a ball of
dough dipped in flour helps fit the
dough into corners without tearing
leaving the dough overhang by half inch
and chill next meet and a marinade
divide pork shoulder and belly into
cubes remove cattle age membranes and
any remaining broad spots from chicken
breast and divide into cubes as well and
mix meats into the port and brandy
marinade then gently remove membrane
from chicken livers and mix into the
pink salt marinade place in a
refrigerator for 24 to 48 hours
now the stuffing clean and dream
mushrooms heat up a saucepan and cook
them with olive oil butter a dash of
water lemon juice thyme bay leaf salt
and pepper
for five minutes covered train and let
cool meanwhile mince and cook shallots
until comfy for about 15 minutes on low
heat when the marinating time is over
sear up chicken livers on high heat for
a minute let cool and set aside chopped
parsley and beat eggs with salt shallots
and the chopped parsley mixed in the
marinated meats with the exception of
livers and mushrooms guys I am getting
excited fill the mold with the forcemeat
alternating with the mushrooms and
chicken livers when you gotta cut it you
can see the liver in the middle for the
top crust of cap roll out the remaining
pastry into a 11 by 6 inch rectangle
lightly use egg wash or water to glue
the pastry together in the corners and
pinch the seams
hello love to rest an hour in a
refrigerator then trim and score borders
brush top twice with egg wash and
lightly score the top of the loaf with
the back of a paring knife make two
shiness using a round pastry tip and
place one tube in each hole and bake for
about an hour
what a trip let's cool off to 100
degrees Fahrenheit 38 degrees Celsius
and slowly pour the hot ass big port
through both chimneys chill overnight
and carefully remove them all guys now
the most exciting part is to cut your
patent code in half and see what does it
look like inside this is exactly what
you will find in the best brasseries in
Paris and throughout France to get this
complete recipe with instructions and
measurements check out my website
www.sceeto.com
Instagram and Pinterest ciao ciao